I'm such a I'm such a Kragh is placed
here we have some of the nerves which
are coming from EDA and bring lacrosse
and is a part of we should DJ plus the
connection with fish UT and Agra as you
must have read in the devi mahatmya that
Shri Krishna is the father of Christ so
the connection between the two is
maintained here and this is very
important to have such a craze that if
you're some such actor is not all right
your discretion is very poor this chakra
got easily dried out like if you eat
very dried fruit you see say sometimes
you also offer me some dried fruit and I
have to tell you that not to give to dry
fruit you must eat it with some sauce or
some liquid thing because if you eat
very dry fruit also this becomes very
dry and it's very important because if
this portion becomes dry you can put
some oil or ghee into it to make it
honor but from here starts the drying of
the peritoneum is the lining
if the peritoneum gets dried up the
whole body gets tied up could be
anywhere in the lung if it is dried up
it can cause your lung cancer is even
poor peritoneum can be in a cancer state
so one has to be very careful not to
take something very dry all the time dry
food and dry things moreover not to put
anything to make this lubricant some
sort of lubricant should be there so
there's no problem
on this chakra because first of all it
loses your discretion I don't understand
things you don't know what to do you
mean it you mean good but you don't do
when you achieve something it's
something not so good
the reason is your discretion is poor
for that this must not be made right I
have told many a times to put some V
every day to get a little bottle of key
keep it with you it's a little dropper
you can put it in the hot water then
heat it up every day and take two drops
in the nose in the night and in the
morning time it didn't take much it
should be done it's for your good